Lecture Title: Guide to Password Cracking
-----------------------------------------
What is password cracking?
It is the process of figuring out someone's password to gain access
to their accounts without prior consent. 
-----------------------------------------
How to crack passwords?
There exists multiple techniques to crack someone's password and those are:
(a) Bruteforce:
    It is the process of attempting all possible combinations of characters 
    until the password is found. 
    The process is slow and becomes more and more difficult as the password 
    becomes longer and more random. 

(b) Social engineering:
    It is the process of being able to obtain someone's password through the 
    use of social games and tricks. For instance, pretending to be someone from 
    the IT department or an official employee and earning the person's trust such 
    that they end up giving away their password.

(c) Dictionary attack:
    In the cyber world, there exists a table composed of the most common passwords 
    that tend to be used. 

    If an attacker knows that his target is naiive when it comes to securing their
    data, the attacker can iterate over this table and see if the target's password 
    matches any of the passwords in that database. 

(d) Rainbow table attacks:
    The rainbow table is one that consists of the hashes of the most common passwords. 
    The attacker can use this to see if the password matches any of the hashes. 

(e) Spidering:
    This technique involves exposing something that most humans fall into which is setting 
    their passwords in relation to something they love, like, appreciate or something that 
    they are involved in. An attacker can therefore scan that person's data online and attempt 
    to connect the dots and find the things that the target is involved in, hence forming a 
    a possible password. 

(f) Phishing:
    It is the process of tricking the target into entering their passwords by creating fake websites
    or emails that are really similar to the real ones. 
